hey what's going on guys we are shooting
a video today of the ryobi
oneplus weedeater and blower this came
as a combo pack from Home Depot great
product overall on a big fan of the
electric battery power stuff this with
all new you know high charge lithium 18
volts and they easily do one hour quick
charge so even when you drain them
completely you only got one hour of
downtime you also know with the lithium
ion they're pretty much fade free power
meaning that uh you're going to run it
full capacity full power right until the
minute when it drains out on a percent
so first up is the ryobi blower rather
compact size easy light nice and
portable the intake valve is here on the
bottom this is where all your air is
going to be pulling in on the rear is
the battery compartment and all you have
is a on and off switch there's nothing
fancy to it but this thing does the job
moving leaves moving grass and stuff
it's great
a lot of that heavier debris 18 volts it
really isn't enough power not juice
coming through here so you'll notice you
know a couple pebbles in there in the
road this won't work quite like a
gas-powered one but if you're just using
it for cutting the grass and cutting up
stuff in your yard small stuff leaves
this is an excellent tool and this was
actually a free giveaway in this
back hair bundle so they say it's a $40
value I believe it works pretty damn
well let me pop the battery and I'll
show you basically you take your Rio be
chargeable battery you insert it in the
base press till it pops
and you're ready to work so hit the on
and off switch that's ready to rock
next up is the ryobi oneplus
weed-whacker it's a great little weed
whacker very lightweight you have your
safety switch here and trigger so you
have to have a safety in and pull the
trigger it also has adjustable settings
for the handles on the front here you
can adjust your grip where they want to
angle this closer to you away from you
nice and easy and to save some money I
think a lot of people like myself
included this could be used as a weed
eater so you mean you know hitting your
yard like that but whenever you need to
do an edging Ryobi has made it nice and
convenient for us you guys could take
this Center notch here pull it up twist
it around it locks back into place and
now you have measure so that way is now
on a different angle and you can really
just hit the edge of your yard nice and
easy
it also has a little pop-out stand for a
guide if you're going to be tripping up
the edge of your sidewalk or anything
like that
so this head also adjusts with this knob
here press that down tilt it's got a 12
inch cutting surface with these easy to
extend pieces of string
there's no fidgeting there's no buttons
on the front or top to release the
string it's always ready to go for you
and it's self-adjusting so whenever
you're cutting into stuff and you lose a
good portion of your strength it's going
to sell feed all the way keep going keep
going you know to replace these
cartridges is very simple you're just
pop two little tabs on the side here
press the man kind of fidget second
one's always the harder one
just fidget it up almost there pops red
up basically the only spot you really
need to worry about is feeding it
through here and then your school rewind
your school simply drops down in place
itself adjusts you'll take your
cartridge top line everything up and pop
it right back into place and now she's
good for work so that is the Rio v1 plus
weed eater and blower combo picked it up
at Home Depot I believe it was about 100
bucks and great tools for a small yard
the charging station itself works rather
easily LED indicators here will tell you
pretty much everything you need when you
have red like that it's just powered on
when you insert your battery you get
different readings tells me now boom
green on the battery means it is fully
charged and ready to go so while it's
charging you'll have power on and this
will be blinking but currently I've got
a hundred percent juice and I'm ready to
finish up my art so thanks for watching
and I'll let you know if I have any
other yard tools that are worth
reviewing so thanks again